AWS release v12.1.3 (#422)
giantswarm/releases: aws/v12.1.3/README.md

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v12.1.3 for AWS :zap:

> This release provides a new cluster-operator which fixes preventing release upgrade when reference id does not align with the G8sControlPlane id or MachineDeployment id.

Reviewer: Maybe it could be rephrased. Something like:
```suggestion
This release provides a new cluster-operator which fixes the issue that prevented release upgrade when reference id does not align with the G8sControlPlane id or MachineDeployment id.
```
